and then people from the ultra feminine channel here
Who speaks Alexandre and today I am
struggling to record video here on the channel
So today I bring something new to
you
sorry and I also want to talk to you
or if it's because of my
absence and in the champion channel because
to post the video right?
I take videos and now I'm
coming back and bringing a super novelty
here for you that is so it 's disgusting
template 11 with android kitkat then i go
show you a sprint here because
Why can not you take a photo because you do not?
Can you tell me how sorry I am?
you can not record for the flight by the sea
world
So I took her stand-in and I'm going
show here for you is very bug bug is
not being able to record can not
record anything as video is audio and video
on the camera
the audio recording also not record
nor does it work more important a chips
chip because the lip and his name then
I think his name is Italo I do not know
so they corrected and came back
press a chip and the single already
a chip works
a few more weeks to test and talk to
You are very fast about her and have a
1.2 ghz overclocking
she is the android kitkat this year in
you can configure several
antimoder forms themes like this there ó
lolipop android lori puppi theme 4.0
you when you see that a piston works and
o2 is this symbol here that I stay
using her forever if she had not
this bug to write because if that was it
I shot the young man not be mda
ram and it is not yet t in the month she black
still choking it is necessary to change the
bar status is not to command more beautiful
chin
that's where you are seeing the principles of
ram with some themes of this issue and
example the volume of gas is the version of
nation
the transparencies here are brown well
beautiful
No, I do not think it's the best wave and he said
You're the first time I use it and I
I really really liked it a lot
people by their base and the android 4.4 né
oh my battery knife
So, everyone, it's just the same as me.
wanted to show 11 today is made by o
psyche that is one of the side members of the
forum dash idea I'll leave the link and
I gave him the face of his post and that
he tas Ram is fixing the bulls
day will be at 11 am
I hope and that's it folks are following the
channel subscribes to the channel, leaving
video that I'm coming back with everything
More news about android
and galaxy pm everything but that's it
and if you want to stay closer to the
our channel and also from the blog that the droid
Femme, I'm sorry, now join the
droid film film ultra group leave your
number in the ddd description of your
city ​​and and I add you here
so leave the number there if you want
to participate
speak it guys and then gave attic 9
Who is this crowd?
if you liked this joinha
share also if you want and me too
I want you to give me the suggestion.
Next video is what I'm going to do in
brief
is this 14 ac of the battery is in
already trying to end up in the battery and
that's it a tie around here a hug
you can get puel sasc for lippi and pay
It was here the group promotes Bruninho by
law is for everyone in the group and for
you all who signed up for the
My channel they already gave to my video is
accompanied by himself then begins the galley
participate in that of the group that is very
good you learn a lot of things too
amused
so that's it folks do not forget
then to comment on the video with some
suggestion
something is it, I'll finish it
this video and until the next company the
The channel that I 'm going to go back to, the guys came back
the group h the videos caraá went valeu